Healthy living.
I was not feeling very well, so the doctor checked my heart and said I needed more exercise.
I have never been very active and I do not like sports.
I have always wanted a pet, so my parents gave me a dog for my birthday.
Now I get exercise by taking him for a walk every day.
I have had him for three months now and I feel really healthy.
Anna.
Our teacher decided to start a girls football team and I thought, what a great idea!
I was the first member of the team.
We have played football for a year now and we all feel very fit.
Our teacher is the coach and she also takes part in the training with us.
She is in excellent condition too.
One way.
For the last few years I went to work on the underground.
When I got to work I always felt very sleepy and I was not happy.
I bought a bike in January.
Since then it has become part of my life.
Now I ride to work every day.
It is my daily exercise.
I arrive at work with a smile on my face.
Thomas.
I was weak after a long illness, so I wanted to exercise more.
Then a friend suggested, why don't we go for a run before school?
So we started running a week ago.
But I do not enjoy running and when I get to school I feel awful.
My legs hurt and I am hot all over.
Perhaps I am too weak to do any exercise.
What do you think?
Richard.